Use environment variables for Neovim Qt paths (#24)
sassanh/qnvim: README.md

1. Build Qt Creator from git repository, see instructions [here](https://wiki.qt.io/Building_Qt_Creator_from_Git). If you build the head of master branch, then you can use qnvim only with your build, if you wanna use qnvim with the official release of Qt Creator you should checkout the tag that matches your installed Qt Creator.
2. Clone and compile [Neovim Qt](https://github.com/equalsraf/neovim-qt).
3. Install devel package of msgpack.
4. Setup locations to Qt Creator and Neovim Qt. You need to set these four environment variables:
  - `IDE_SOURCE_TREE` address of Qt Creator source directory
  - `IDE_BUILD_TREE` address of Qt Creator build directory
  - `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` address of Neovim Qt source directory
  - `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE` address of Neovim Qt build directory

>   Or equivalently you can set `QTC_SOURCE` (differs from `IDE_SOURCE_TREE`!), `QTC_BUILD`, `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` and `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE`. If you want to install this plugin user-wide you need to pass `USE_USER_DESTDIR` or uncomment in in `qnvim.pro`

Author: I also suggest the following change.
```suggestion
  Or equivalently you can set `QTC_SOURCE` (differs from `IDE_SOURCE_TREE`!), `QTC_BUILD`, `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` and `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE` when running `qmake`. If you want to install this plugin user-wide you need to pass `USE_USER_DESTDIR` or uncomment in in `qnvim.pro`
```

1. Build Qt Creator from git repository, see instructions [here](https://wiki.qt.io/Building_Qt_Creator_from_Git). If you build the head of master branch, then you can use qnvim only with your build, if you wanna use qnvim with the official release of Qt Creator you should checkout the tag that matches your installed Qt Creator.
2. Clone and compile [Neovim Qt](https://github.com/equalsraf/neovim-qt).
3. Install devel package of msgpack.

> 4. Setup locations to Qt Creator and Neovim Qt. You need to pass `IDE_SOURCE_TREE`, `IDE_BUILD_TREE`, `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` and `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE` with corresponding paths to `qmake`. Or you can set `QTC_SOURCE` (differs from `IDE_SOURCE_TREE`!), `QTC_BUILD`, `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` and `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE`. If you want to install this plugin user-wide you need to pass `USE_USER_DESTDIR` or uncomment in in `qnvim.pro`

Reviewer: I don't understand what ``corresponding paths to `qmake` `` means? I know it was already there before this PR but let's improve it.
```suggestion
4. Setup locations to Qt Creator and Neovim Qt. You need to set these four environment variables:
  - `IDE_SOURCE_TREE` address of Qt Creator source directory
  - `IDE_BUILD_TREE` address of Qt Creator build directory
  - `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` address of Neovim Qt source directory
  - `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE` address of Neovim Qt build directory
  Or equivalently you can set `QTC_SOURCE` (differs from `IDE_SOURCE_TREE`!), `QTC_BUILD`, `NEOVIM_QT_SOURCE_TREE` and `NEOVIM_QT_BUILD_TREE`. If you want to install this plugin user-wide you need to pass `USE_USER_DESTDIR` or uncomment in in `qnvim.pro`
```
